we have some people up on our wall of
America who have some questions for you
and and well let's go to that because we
have it and our first question is from
Daniel in North Hollywood Daniel okay
Daniel go ahead and ask your question
so coat I'm big fan if you were starting
to team what current player would you
put on your team that is a good question
if you were starting a team with player
beside yourself would you build it
around uh uh
I'd go with James Harden
oh nice oh my god James ah okay all
right well thank you James Harden drinks
body OMA so that's the team uh stuff
next question is from st. Louis we have
Brandon Brandon bring him up on the
screen
Brandon what is your question for Kobe
hi Jamie hi Kobe so Kobe I'd like to
know considering that LA has two NBA
teams and st. Louis as none would you
consider or support sending the Clippers
to st. Louis possibly exchange from the
Rams I mean interesting deal
well unfortunately I like the new
management that the Clippers have put in
place but you know when you people
before that I trade the Clippers for a
bag of peanuts yeah I know it's not
something you think about right now is
it totally out of the question that you
would one day play for the Clippers
absolutely it is out of the question man
listen I believe purple and gold man I
like to hear that I will hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel thanks for watching it means a
lot to me and if you'd like to take our
relationship to the next level click the
subscribe button below I'll wait for you